MILESOTNE GUIDE:
This is mostly to guide us on what to do next and a nice resource to divy up work on the fly, if theres edits you wanna make go ahead
just add to the file and make note of what was changed so we can see it as well. If theres something you wanna work on just add ur name to the side
of what specifically your doing atm.

Milestone 2: (Catch up)
    SERVER.Js : A server that handles incoming req and parses them if needed to send them to the correct functions from database.js( Template is basically done). Also this is where our api should be, theres a text document of proposed api functions.

    DATABASE.Js: The actual edit/find/insert/remove operations from restful api, this is called from Server.Js, template is also mostly done. 

    CLIENT.Js: Pings the server.js via fetch for requested information follwoing restful/crud operations ( like looking up a profile, inserting one, etc). This uses what is returned from the server and renders it into the html page using innerHTML.

    DEPLOYMENT: Heroku is still weird we have credits so far, and we just need to deploy the server, currently it is linked up with the project
    this setup is mostly done.

    MILESTONE2.md: In a docs folder:
    1.) A brief explanation of our API
    2.) One set of screen shots(4 total) of client interface with desc.
    3.) URL of heroku application
    4.) Break down of labor
    5.) Make a release of milestone 2.

Milestone 3: (Current Work)
    Create a js file (this will be database.js I beleive) that handles CRUD operations of the database. (This should be not that bad I think since theres a template that sorta done)

    Create a databases to store all data we need in our application. We already planned how the databases are connected (via the image) and add them to github.ignore. (I beleive this is correct but I would appreciate a double check.)

    Example document for all collections in database to show structure of databases. (this is done b/c of the image! Woohoo!)

    Do not push our databases and our secret keys to github.

    Make a file secrets.json in main folder and put passwords and URI(what is this? Usernames?) in this file as some form of dictionary. Add to our github.ignore

    Theres a block of code on milestone 3 in order to set up passowrd when accessing our databases etc.

    Add enviroment variables to Heroku, has instructions on milestone3

    Create a milestone3.md in docs folder:
        Documentation describing database
        A breakdown of labor

    Create a release for milestone3

    Implement any neccesary logic the server to connect up our data model with the user interface.

    Deploy on heroku again.

Final Product: Due date: 12/11/22
    Create a docs/final.md and a video demo as submission for final report

    Clean up code (fix bugs, make it look nice, etc)

    Update/write doc/setup.md with all steps required to build our project, this might take a bit. Include all source files in the repo.

    In docs/final.md:
        Title: Team XI
        Subtitle: BasketBallOppurtunities (name in progress)
        Semester: Fall 2022
        Overview: Overview of the application, explain why its innovative
        TeamMemebrs: (Self explanatory) with github usernames
        UserInterface: up-to-date list/table describing applications user interface. Name of UI and purpose needed, include screenshots of UI.
        APIs: Up to date API doc
        Database: Updated desc of the databases, use image or desc.
        URL Routes/Mapping: Up-to-date table of the all url routes and with what they do. Indicate any perms/authentication for this.
        Authentication: How users login, and their permissions, and how they relate to the UI.
        Divsion of labor: what we each worked on
        Conclusion: Concluding statements of the teams experience.
    
    Update github repo and create a final release tagged final.

    Video demo: Include:
        TeamName:
        Introduction of each team member:
        Desc of the application and its novelty:
        Targeted users:
        Important feature walkthrough:
        Intresting aspects of the application:
        Things we found easy or difficult:
        Future things we could add/update if we coudl:
        Upload to youtube and add it to the compsci 326 fall 2021 playlist, link is in the milestone final report.
